applications/callflow/doc/record_call.md, before:

## Record Call

### About Record Call

The `record_call` callflow enables you to record the audio of the call (typically between two or more callers).

### Schema

Validator for the Record Call callflow action

Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | --------
`action` | Whether to start or stop the recording | `string('start', 'stop')` | `start` | `true` | 
`format` | What format to store the recording on disk | `string('mp3', 'wav')` |   | `false` | 
`label` | Label to include in the origin of call recording | `string()` |   | `false` | 
`media_name` | the name of media | `string` |   | `false` | 
`record_min_sec` | The minimum length, in seconds, the recording must be to be considered successful. Otherwise it is deleted | `integer` |   | `false` |
`record_on_answer` | Whether to delay the recording until the channel is answered | `boolean` | `false` | `false` | 
`record_on_bridge` | Whether to delay the recording until the channel is bridged | `boolean` | `false` | `false` | 
`record_sample_rate` | What sampling rate to use on the recording | `integer` |   | `false` | 
`time_limit` | Time limit, in seconds, for the recording | `integer` | `3600` | `false` | 
`url` | The URL to use when sending the recording for storage | `string` |   | `false` | 

## Storage of recordings

If you supply a URL in the `data` portion of the callflow, Kazoo will send an HTTP PUT with the recording to the URL when the recording has finished.

If you omit the URL, there are a couple options for storage:

* Check `system_config/media` for the `store_recordings` boolean()
    * If `false`, no storage will occur
    * If `true`, check `system_config/media` for `third_party_bigcouch_host`
        * If `undefined`, store to the Kazoo BigCouch cluster
        * If defined, send the recording to the configured URL

Commit message:

HELP-40948: disable transfer follows when starting recording by config (#5357)
* HELP-40948: disable transfer follows when starting recording by config

When the caller is an authorized endpoint, prior to this change the
flag to have recordings follow transfers was always set, regardless of
whether the endpoint had recordings configured to be started
implicitly.

However, when the recording isn't started by config but is started via
callflow action (`cf_record_call`), the resulting recording will not
follow transfers which is unexpected behaviour.

This change now only sets the follow flag to false if the
recording-by-config is happening.

When starting recordings-by-action, always follow transfers.

* add ability to set whether to follow transfers on the record_call action

applications/callflow/doc/record_call.md, after:

## Record Call

### About Record Call

The `record_call` callflow enables you to record the audio of the call (typically between two or more callers).

### Schema

Validator for the Record Call callflow action

Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | --------
`action` | Whether to start or stop the recording | `string('start', 'stop')` | `start` | `true` |
`format` | What format to store the recording on disk | `string('mp3', 'wav')` |   | `false` |
`label` | Label to include in the origin of call recording | `string()` |   | `false` |
`media_name` | the name of media | `string` |   | `false` |
`record_min_sec` | The minimum length, in seconds, the recording must be to be considered successful. Otherwise it is deleted | `integer` |   | `false` |
`record_on_answer` | Whether to delay the recording until the channel is answered | `boolean` | `false` | `false` |
`record_on_bridge` | Whether to delay the recording until the channel is bridged | `boolean` | `false` | `false` |
`record_sample_rate` | What sampling rate to use on the recording | `integer` |   | `false` |
`should_follow_transfer` | If true, the recording will continue after a transfer on the active leg | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |
`time_limit` | Time limit, in seconds, for the recording | `integer` | `3600` | `false` |
`url` | The URL to use when sending the recording for storage | `string` |   | `false` |

## Storage of recordings

If you supply a URL in the `data` portion of the callflow, Kazoo will send an HTTP PUT with the recording to the URL when the recording has finished.

If you omit the URL, there are a couple options for storage:

* Check `system_config/media` for the `store_recordings` boolean()
    * If `false`, no storage will occur
    * If `true`, check `system_config/media` for `third_party_bigcouch_host`
        * If `undefined`, store to the Kazoo BigCouch cluster
        * If defined, send the recording to the configured URL
