core/kazoo_endpoint/doc/privacy-cid.md, before:

### Caller ID Privacy

#### Overview

It's possible to restrict the presentation some or full part of Caller ID on calls. If a call (either inbound or outbound or local) has privacy flags, "anonymous" and "0000000000" would be shown as Caller ID Name and Caller ID Number respectively.

Kazoo has a default Feature Code `"*67"` which can be use for making a call with privacy flags set, please read documentation for `cf_privacy` to learn how to use and configure this feature.

The system config parameter `system_config/privacy/privacy_mode` can be use to configure which parts of Caller ID should be anonymize if privacy flags are set for a Call. This is especially is important for Outbound Calls, if your carrier is expecting known Caller IDs and they honor privacy flags when they're routing calls to third party carriers or final destination.

> WARNING: allowing to pass Caller IDs as is should only applied to carriers which you *TRUST* since it will expose caller's identity.

#### Configuring Privacy System wide and/or in Account level

> Note: system config `privacy_mode` property is different from Callflow Privacy module's `privacy_mode`!

Possible `privacy_mode` values:

*`kazoo`*
:   anonymize both CIDName and CIDNumber

*`hide_name`*
:   anonymize CIDName only

*`hide_number`*
:   anonymize CIDNumber only

*`sip`*
:   not anonymize Caller ID, they would be passed as is

#### Configuring Privacy on Resource

`privacy_mode` can be defined on resource root document and/or per gateway. Values are same as system wide config.

Commit message:

[4.3] HELP-39951: Added ability to define lists of caller ID names and call… (#5261)
* HELP-39951: Added ability to define lists of caller ID names and caller ID numbers that are anonymous

* use lists:member, ne_binaries

* just use one catch all field for this

* make apis

* updated docs

* removed the defaults as kazoo sets them for unknown fields when creating call objects

* fixed issues with make busy

* renamed the config variables for additional cid checking

* Renamed some parameters

* fixed some pr comments

* updated default cid name from anonymous to unknown

* updated docs and schemas

* Fixed functions for looking up unknown cid names

* fixed an unused var error

* fixed format

* made the setting configurable for default unknown caller id name

* use a configurable value for unknown caller id

* fixed invalid xref

* Make APIs

* removed 0s and upper case patterns from the additonal_cid rules

core/kazoo_endpoint/doc/privacy-cid.md, after:

# Caller ID Privacy

## Overview

It's possible to restrict the presentation some or full part of Caller ID on calls. If a call (either inbound or outbound or local) has privacy flags, "anonymous" and "0000000000" would be shown as Caller ID Name and Caller ID Number respectively.

Kazoo has a default Feature Code `"*67"` which can be use for making a call with privacy flags set, please read documentation for `cf_privacy` to learn how to use and configure this feature.

The system config parameter `system_config/privacy/privacy_mode` can be use to configure which parts of Caller ID should be anonymize if privacy flags are set for a Call. This is especially is important for Outbound Calls, if your carrier is expecting known Caller IDs and they honor privacy flags when they're routing calls to third party carriers or final destination.

> WARNING: allowing to pass Caller IDs as is should only applied to carriers which you *TRUST* since it will expose caller's identity.

## Configuring Privacy System wide and/or in Account level

> Note: system config `privacy_mode` property is different from Callflow Privacy module's `privacy_mode`!

Possible `privacy_mode` values:

*`kazoo`*
:   anonymize both CIDName and CIDNumber

*`hide_name`*
:   anonymize CIDName only

*`hide_number`*
:   anonymize CIDNumber only

*`sip`*
:   not anonymize Caller ID, they would be passed as is

## Configuring Privacy on Resource

`privacy_mode` can be defined on resource root document and/or per gateway. Values are same as system wide config.

## Optionally check for anonymity in Caller ID Name and Caller ID Number

Some carrier systems, when using Caller ID Blocking, present the call using a non-standard format, instead of using flags to indicate privacy, some carriers set specific strings in the the Caller ID Name and Caller ID Number values. To ensure these calls are able to be blocked, the `anonymous_cid_names` and `anonymous_cid_numbers` configuration parameters allow for matching and blocking of these non-standard patterns.

This setting only impact how the `anonymous call rejection` feature is applied to inbound calls. The list of numbers or names in the `anonymous_cid_names` and `anonymous_cid_numbers` lists are compared to the `Caller-Id-Name` and `Caller-Id-Number` fields of the kazoo call. This enables the rejection of calls which use non-standard patterns, but must be used carefully as any call which matches these rules will be blocked.

`check_additional_anonymous_cid_names` enables enforcement of the configured `anonymous_cid_names` in anonymous call rejection.

`check_additional_anonymous_cid_numbers` enables enforcement of the configured `anonymous_cid_numbers` in anonymous call rejection.
