applications/callflow/doc/ref/dynamic_cid.md, before:

## Dynamic Cid

### About Dynamic Cid

#### Schema

Validator for the dynamic_cid callflow data object



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`action` | What action to perform | `string('list' | 'lists' | 'manual' | 'static')` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id.name` | Caller ID Name | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id.number` | Caller ID Number | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id` | Static Caller ID settings | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`enforce_call_restriction` | Check classification restrictions against endpoint | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`id` | List ID for caller IDs when 'action' is 'list' | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`idx_name` | Named capture group to use | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`interdigit_timeout` | How long, in seconds, to wait for keypresses | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`max_digits` | Max number of digits allowed when collecting Caller ID Number | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`media_id` | Prompt to play to caller to enter Caller ID Number | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`min_digits` | Minimum number of digits that must match the regex to collected DTMF | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`whitelist_regex` | Regex to match collected Caller ID Number | `string()` |   | `false` |

Commit message:

Kazoo 6071 4.3 (#5614)
* KAZOO-6071: added ability to skip callflow action/module temporarily

* KAZOO-6071: make apis

* KAZOO-6071: flip the logic

applications/callflow/doc/ref/dynamic_cid.md, after:

## Dynamic Cid

### About Dynamic Cid

#### Schema

Validator for the dynamic_cid callflow data object



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`action` | What action to perform | `string('list' | 'lists' | 'manual' | 'static')` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id.name` | Caller ID Name | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id.number` | Caller ID Number | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id` | Static Caller ID settings | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`enforce_call_restriction` | Check classification restrictions against endpoint | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`id` | List ID for caller IDs when 'action' is 'list' | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`idx_name` | Named capture group to use | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`interdigit_timeout` | How long, in seconds, to wait for keypresses | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`max_digits` | Max number of digits allowed when collecting Caller ID Number | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`media_id` | Prompt to play to caller to enter Caller ID Number | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`min_digits` | Minimum number of digits that must match the regex to collected DTMF | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`skip_module` | When set to true this callflow action is skipped, advancing to the wildcard branch (if any) | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`whitelist_regex` | Regex to match collected Caller ID Number | `string()` |   | `false` |
