applications/callflow/doc/ref/resources.md, before:

## Resources

### About Resources

#### Schema

Validator for the resources callflow data object



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`bypass_e164` | Use the original requested number instead of normalizing to E164 | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id_type` | Which configured caller-id to use (key in the 'caller_id' object) | `string()` | `external` | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.in` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls inbound to Kazoo from the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.out` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls outbound from Kazoo to the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers` | A property list of SIP headers | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`do_not_normalize` | Use the original requested number instead of normalizing; otherwise try to apply the endpoint's dialplan to the requested number | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`dynamic_flags.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`dynamic_flags` | List of function names (or 'zone') that are called on the Call record to populate the 'flags' array sent to the resource(s) for matching | `array(string())` |   | `false` |  
`emit_account_id` | Toggles whether to put the account id in the SIP packets | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`format_from_uri` | If true, puts the account realm in the From header | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`from_uri_realm` | Override the From realm in the SIP packets | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`hunt_account_id` | When using local resources, use this account instead of the account making the call (useful for resellers) | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ignore_early_media` | Toggle whether to ignore early media | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |  
`outbound_flags.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`outbound_flags` | List of flags to use when matching resources to route the call | `array(string())` | `[]` | `false` |  
`ringback` | Tone or file to play while waiting for the leg to be answered | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`skip_module` | When set to true this callflow action is skipped, advancing to the wildcard branch (if any) | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`timeout` | How long, in seconds, to wait for the call to be answered | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`to_did` | Statically set the DID to dial | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`use_local_resources` | Toggle whether to use the account's (or hunt_account_id's) resources vs the system resources | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  

### custom_sip_headers

Custom SIP headers applied to an INVITE


Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |

Commit message:

[4.3] QF: modify resource exchange to topic to support publishing to specific queues by resource_type (#5654)
* setup more specific bindings for stepswitch to allow for new consumers

Conflicts:
	core/kazoo_amqp/src/api/kapi_offnet_resource.erl

* fixed invalid xref

* changed resource to resources and the exchange type to topic

* removed test string from routing key

* updated docs with make apis

Conflicts:
	applications/callflow/src/module/cf_resources.erl

* fixed thing that got mangled in cherry-pick

* removed dev_log

* updated docs

* dt when I should have dd

applications/callflow/doc/ref/resources.md, after:

## Resources

### About Resources

#### Schema

Validator for the resources callflow data object



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`bypass_e164` | Use the original requested number instead of normalizing to E164 | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id_type` | Which configured caller-id to use (key in the 'caller_id' object) | `string()` | `external` | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.in` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls inbound to Kazoo from the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.out` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls outbound from Kazoo to the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers` | A property list of SIP headers | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`do_not_normalize` | Use the original requested number instead of normalizing; otherwise try to apply the endpoint's dialplan to the requested number | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`dynamic_flags.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`dynamic_flags` | List of function names (or 'zone') that are called on the Call record to populate the 'flags' array sent to the resource(s) for matching | `array(string())` |   | `false` |  
`emit_account_id` | Toggles whether to put the account id in the SIP packets | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`format_from_uri` | If true, puts the account realm in the From header | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`from_uri_realm` | Override the From realm in the SIP packets | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`hunt_account_id` | When using local resources, use this account instead of the account making the call (useful for resellers) | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ignore_early_media` | Toggle whether to ignore early media | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |  
`outbound_flags.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`outbound_flags` | List of flags to use when matching resources to route the call | `array(string())` | `[]` | `false` |  
`resource_type` | sets a custom resource type for the published amqp message | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ringback` | Tone or file to play while waiting for the leg to be answered | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`skip_module` | When set to true this callflow action is skipped, advancing to the wildcard branch (if any) | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`timeout` | How long, in seconds, to wait for the call to be answered | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`to_did` | Statically set the DID to dial | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`use_local_resources` | Toggle whether to use the account's (or hunt_account_id's) resources vs the system resources | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  

### custom_sip_headers

Custom SIP headers applied to an INVITE


Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |
