doc/engineering/make.md, before:

# The Kazoo Makefile

Kazoo utilizes [GNU `make`](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) for its build system. There is a project-level Makefile and each application (in `core/` and `applications/`) have their own Makefiles with any customizations needed by that particular application.

## Default target

`make` from the root directory will build Kazoo's Erlang dependencies, the core libs, and finally the applications.

## `make deps`

Fetches the 3rd-party Erlang applications and builds them in `deps/`

The Makefile will create a file `make/.deps.mk.{HASH}` on first build of the `deps/` where `{HASH}` is the sha1 of the `make/deps.mk`. Now, when the `make/deps.mk` file gets changed (when deps are added/removed/updated or when switching branches that have different deps (like from master to 4.x for instance)) the `deps/` directory will be rebuilt to ensure your branch is working with the correct set of dependencies.

## `make kazoo`

Builds the Erlang applications in `core/` followed by the applications in `applications/`.

This build process is [parallelizable](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Parallel.html) by specifying the `JOBS` environment variable:

```bash
JOBS=4
make kazoo

# or

JOBS=4 make kazoo
```

## `make clean`

Cleans the ebin/ directories of `core/` and `applications`, as well as any application-specific cleanup.

### `make clean-deps`

Cleans the `deps/` directory. `make deps` is required to build it again.

## `make compile-test`

Compiles `core/` and `applications/` in test mode; typically used to run the project's test suites via `make eunit`, `make test` or `make proper`.

## `make eunit`,  `make proper`, and `make test`

Runs the EUnit tests and PropEr tests.

## `make tags`

Builds a [TAGS file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ctags) that is useful in navigating between modules and functions within the modules.

In Emacs, `visit-tags-table` will load the TAGS table and `erlang-find-tag` is useful in finding the `module:function` or `function` under point. You can override `M-.` (typically `find-tag`) to be Erlang-aware. [`EDTS`](https://github.com/tjarvstrand/edts) has a `edts-find-source-under-point` that will also respect the arity of the call under point.

### `make clean-tags`

Removes the TAGS file.

## Erlang Releases

### `make build-*-release`

Building an Erlang release comes in a couple flavors:

- `make build-release`: Production release
- `make build-dev-release`: Symlinks source-tree files into the release; any recompiled beams will be auto-loaded in the running release
- `make build-ci-release`: Release built for use in CI systems (CircleCI mainly)
- `make build-dist-release`: Release built for distribution (RPM/DEB)

### `make release`

Runs the now-built release. Change the Erlang VM name using the `REL` variable: `make release REL=foo` will start `foo@host.com`.

### `make clean-release`

Removes the `_rel/` where a built release may exist.

## Dialyzer

Typically running Dialyzer on the whole project will be painful unless you have tons of memory and CPU. More often, we want to dialyze changed files. There are a couple ways to do it:

### `make circle-dialyze`

Runs the equivalent Dialyzer run that CI runs. Just runs Dialyzer on source files that have changed, and only in batches of 5 at a time.

### `make dialyze-hard`

This is a great option if you have a beefier computer available. It will take the source files changed, run a first pass to find all modules being called, and will make a second pass using all the changed and called modules together in one big run.

!!! warning
CPU/memory/time intensive.

### `make dialyze-changed`

Dialyzes all the changed files (compared to the parent branch) in a batch (vs 5 at a time like CI does) but doesn't pull in unknown modules like `dialyze-hard` does. Still memory/CPU intensive but not as bad as `hard` mode.

### Scripts

There's also a couple scripts which are nice:

#### `./scripts/dialyze-changed.bash`
Basically `dialyze-easy`; dialyzes all changed files together in one run.

Add additional `.beam` and `ebin/` paths for more accurate checks.

```bash
./scripts/dialyze-changed.bash

./scripts/dialyze-changed core/kazoo_stdlib/ebin core/kazoo_amqp/ebin/gen_listener.beam
```

#### `./scripts/dialyze-usage.bash`

Searches the codebase for usage of the module and includes those source files.

`./scripts/dialyze-usage.bash kz_json` would search for all modules using `kz_json` and dialyze them all together.

## `make xref`

Uses [xref](http://erlang.org/doc/man/xref.html) to check for calls to modules/functions/arities that don't exist.

## `make sup_completion`

Builds a bash auto-completion file for use with `SUP`.

## `make elvis`

Runs [Elvis style checker](https://github.com/inaka/elvis).

## `make fmt`

Runs the erlang-formatter over Erlang files (.erl/.hrl/.escript) and formats the source accordingly.

```bash
TO_FMT="path/to/foo.erl path/to/bar.erl" make fmt
```

If `TO_FMT` is unspecified, the changed source files will be used.

### `make fmt-all`

Runs `fmt` on all files in the project.

## `make app_applications`

Ensures the `{APP}.app.src` has an accurate list in the `applications` key.

## `make code_checks`

Runs various code-checking scripts to ensure project standards are met.

- No raw Erlang JSON terms are present (typically `{'struct', [...]}` and `{[...]}`). `kz_json` should be used and the data structure should be considered opaque.
- Dead-simple spell checker looking for low-hanging fruit.
- Auto-migration of older modules/functions to newer ones (or more appropriately-named ones)
- [Edoc](http://erlang.org/doc/apps/edoc/chapter.html) checks

## `make apis`

Runs a host of scripts to auto-generate code, JSON schemas, and documentation.

## `make docs`

Attempts to build the docs site with `mkdocs` (basically a theme-less version of `docs.2600hz.com`) to make sure the index files (`doc/mkdocs/*.yml`) are present and internal linking between docs is consistent.

## `make circle`

Runs an equivalent pass of CircleCI locally.

## Spell checking

With Kazoo's international audience, it is helpful to have a spellchecker available to help all contributors find and fix spelling mistakes.

### `make splchk`

Runs the spell checker ([GNU `aspell`](http://aspell.net/)) against the `doc/` folder's Markdown files. If run within an application, will check that application's `doc/` folder's Markdown files.

### `make splchk-code`

When run from the project root, checks the `scripts` Escript source files.

When run in an application, checks `src` and `include` for `.erl` and `.hrl`.

This checker just looks at Erlang comments (prefixed by %) and atom/string/binary literals. So anything after `%` or between `'...'`, `"..."`, or `<<"...">>`.

Commit message:

document the base branch var

doc/engineering/make.md, after:

# The Kazoo Makefile

Kazoo utilizes [GNU `make`](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) for its build system. There is a project-level Makefile and each application (in `core/` and `applications/`) have their own Makefiles with any customizations needed by that particular application.

## Default target

`make` from the root directory will build Kazoo's Erlang dependencies, the core libs, and finally the applications.

## `make deps`

Fetches the 3rd-party Erlang applications and builds them in `deps/`

The Makefile will create a file `make/.deps.mk.{HASH}` on first build of the `deps/` where `{HASH}` is the sha1 of the `make/deps.mk`. Now, when the `make/deps.mk` file gets changed (when deps are added/removed/updated or when switching branches that have different deps (like from master to 4.x for instance)) the `deps/` directory will be rebuilt to ensure your branch is working with the correct set of dependencies.

## `make kazoo`

Builds the Erlang applications in `core/` followed by the applications in `applications/`.

This build process is [parallelizable](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/manual/html_node/Parallel.html) by specifying the `JOBS` environment variable:

```bash
JOBS=4
make kazoo

# or

JOBS=4 make kazoo
```

## `make clean`

Cleans the ebin/ directories of `core/` and `applications`, as well as any application-specific cleanup.

### `make clean-deps`

Cleans the `deps/` directory. `make deps` is required to build it again.

## `make compile-test`

Compiles `core/` and `applications/` in test mode; typically used to run the project's test suites via `make eunit`, `make test` or `make proper`.

## `make eunit`,  `make proper`, and `make test`

Runs the EUnit tests and PropEr tests.

## `make tags`

Builds a [TAGS file](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ctags) that is useful in navigating between modules and functions within the modules.

In Emacs, `visit-tags-table` will load the TAGS table and `erlang-find-tag` is useful in finding the `module:function` or `function` under point. You can override `M-.` (typically `find-tag`) to be Erlang-aware. [`EDTS`](https://github.com/tjarvstrand/edts) has a `edts-find-source-under-point` that will also respect the arity of the call under point.

### `make clean-tags`

Removes the TAGS file.

## Erlang Releases

### `make build-*-release`

Building an Erlang release comes in a couple flavors:

- `make build-release`: Production release
- `make build-dev-release`: Symlinks source-tree files into the release; any recompiled beams will be auto-loaded in the running release
- `make build-ci-release`: Release built for use in CI systems (CircleCI mainly)
- `make build-dist-release`: Release built for distribution (RPM/DEB)

### `make release`

Runs the now-built release. Change the Erlang VM name using the `REL` variable: `make release REL=foo` will start `foo@host.com`.

### `make clean-release`

Removes the `_rel/` where a built release may exist.

## Dialyzer

Typically running Dialyzer on the whole project will be painful unless you have tons of memory and CPU. More often, we want to dialyze changed files. There are a couple ways to do it:

### `make ci-dialyze`

Runs the equivalent Dialyzer run that CI runs. Just runs Dialyzer on source files that have changed, and only in batches of 5 at a time.

### `make dialyze-hard`

This is a great option if you have a beefier computer available. It will take the source files changed, run a first pass to find all modules being called, and will make a second pass using all the changed and called modules together in one big run.

!!! warning
CPU/memory/time intensive.

### `make dialyze-changed`

Dialyzes all the changed files (compared to the parent branch) in a batch (vs 5 at a time like CI does) but doesn't pull in unknown modules like `dialyze-hard` does. Still memory/CPU intensive but not as bad as `hard` mode.

### Scripts

There's also a couple scripts which are nice:

#### `./scripts/dialyze-changed.bash`
Basically `dialyze-easy`; dialyzes all changed files together in one run.

Add additional `.beam` and `ebin/` paths for more accurate checks.

```bash
./scripts/dialyze-changed.bash

./scripts/dialyze-changed core/kazoo_stdlib/ebin core/kazoo_amqp/ebin/gen_listener.beam
```

#### `./scripts/dialyze-usage.bash`

Searches the codebase for usage of the module and includes those source files.

`./scripts/dialyze-usage.bash kz_json` would search for all modules using `kz_json` and dialyze them all together.

## `make xref`

Uses [xref](http://erlang.org/doc/man/xref.html) to check for calls to modules/functions/arities that don't exist.

## `make sup_completion`

Builds a bash auto-completion file for use with `SUP`.

## `make elvis`

Runs [Elvis style checker](https://github.com/inaka/elvis).

## `make fmt`

Runs the erlang-formatter over Erlang files (.erl/.hrl/.escript) and formats the source accordingly.

```bash
TO_FMT="path/to/foo.erl path/to/bar.erl" make fmt
```

If `TO_FMT` is unspecified, the changed source files will be used.

### `make fmt-all`

Runs `fmt` on all files in the project.

## `make app_applications`

Ensures the `{APP}.app.src` has an accurate list in the `applications` key.

## `make code_checks`

Runs various code-checking scripts to ensure project standards are met.

- No raw Erlang JSON terms are present (typically `{'struct', [...]}` and `{[...]}`). `kz_json` should be used and the data structure should be considered opaque.
- Dead-simple spell checker looking for low-hanging fruit.
- Auto-migration of older modules/functions to newer ones (or more appropriately-named ones)
- [Edoc](http://erlang.org/doc/apps/edoc/chapter.html) checks

## `make apis`

Runs a host of scripts to auto-generate code, JSON schemas, and documentation.

## `make docs`

Attempts to build the docs site with `mkdocs` (basically a theme-less version of `docs.2600hz.com`) to make sure the index files (`doc/mkdocs/*.yml`) are present and internal linking between docs is consistent.

## `make circle`

Runs an equivalent pass of CircleCI locally.

## Spell checking

With Kazoo's international audience, it is helpful to have a spellchecker available to help all contributors find and fix spelling mistakes.

### `make splchk`

Runs the spell checker ([GNU `aspell`](http://aspell.net/)) against the `doc/` folder's Markdown files. If run within an application, will check that application's `doc/` folder's Markdown files.

### `make splchk-code`

When run from the project root, checks the `scripts` Escript source files.

When run in an application, checks `src` and `include` for `.erl` and `.hrl`.

This checker just looks at Erlang comments (prefixed by %) and atom/string/binary literals. So anything after `%` or between `'...'`, `"..."`, or `<<"...">>`.

## Changing the base branch

Several targets calculate the difference between a base branch (`origin/master` by default) and the current branch. Should you need to change the base branch you can prefix the command with `BASE_BRANCH="upstream/branch" make {TARGET}`
