applications/crossbar/doc/ref/limits.md, before:

# Limits

## About Limits

#### Schema

Limit an account's ability to place concurrent calls using flat rate trunks



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`allow_prepay` | Determines if the account would like to allow per-minute calls if they have no available credit | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` | `supported`
`burst_trunks` | The number of two-way, flat-rate trunks used only if no other trunks are available | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`calls` | A hard limit for the total number calls | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`inbound_trunks` | The number of inbound, flat-rate trunks | `integer()` |   | `false` | `supported`
`outbound_trunks` | The number of outbound, flat-rate trunks | `integer()` |   | `false` | `supported`
`resource_consuming_calls` | A hard limit for the number of resource consuming calls | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`twoway_trunks` | The number of two-way, flat-rate trunks | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`



## Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits
```

## Change

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits
```

Commit message:

onnet-termination exempt from billing (#5479)
fixed json error in limits.json

Changes as requested by @jamesaimonetti and @lazedo

Erroneous white space

applications/crossbar/doc/ref/limits.md, after:

# Limits

## About Limits

#### Schema

Limit an account's ability to place concurrent calls using flat rate trunks



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`allow_prepay` | Determines if the account would like to allow per-minute calls if they have no available credit | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` | `supported`
`authz_resource_types.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`authz_resource_types` | List of Resource-Types that will authorize the call; bypassing limit checks and billing | `array(string())` | `[]` | `false` | `beta`
`burst_trunks` | The number of two-way, flat-rate trunks used only if no other trunks are available | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`calls` | A hard limit for the total number calls | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`inbound_trunks` | The number of inbound, flat-rate trunks | `integer()` |   | `false` | `supported`
`outbound_trunks` | The number of outbound, flat-rate trunks | `integer()` |   | `false` | `supported`
`resource_consuming_calls` | A hard limit for the number of resource consuming calls | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`
`twoway_trunks` | The number of two-way, flat-rate trunks | `integer()` |   | `false` | `beta`



## Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits
```

## Change

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/limits
```
