applications/crossbar/doc/ref/metaflows.md, before:

# Metaflows

## About Metaflows

#### Schema

Actions applied to a call outside of the normal callflow, initiated by the caller(s)



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`binding_digit` | What DTMF will trigger the collection and analysis of the subsequent DTMF sequence | `string('1' | '2' | '3' | '4' | '5' | '6' | '7' | '8' | '9' | '0' | '*' | '#')` | `*` | `false` |  
`digit_timeout` | How long to wait between DTMF presses before processing the collected sequence (milliseconds) | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`listen_on` | Which leg(s) of the call to listen for DTMF | `string('both' | 'self' | 'peer')` |   | `false` |  
`numbers./^[0-9]+$/` |   | [#/definitions/metaflow](#metaflow) |   | `false` |  
`numbers` | A list of static numbers with their flows | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`patterns./.+/` |   | [#/definitions/metaflow](#metaflow) |   | `false` |  
`patterns` | A list of patterns with their flows | `object()` |   | `false` |  

### metaflow

A metaflow node defines a module to execute, data to provide to that module, and one or more children to branch to


Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`children./.+/` |   | [#/definitions/metaflow](#metaflow) |   | `false` |  
`children` | Children metaflows | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`data` | The data/arguments of the metaflow module | `object()` | `{}` | `false` |  
`module` | The name of the metaflow module to execute at this node | `string(1..64)` |   | `true` |  



## Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows
```

## Change

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows
```

## Remove

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows
```

Commit message:

HELP-40835: option to base64-encode data (#5457)
* set boundary on content-type

* add toggle for base64-encoding data

* base64-encode if directed

* check for encoded part

* log that we're encoding

* check whether fetch might be a base64-encoded body

* add testing of fetching the mp3 via vm api

* remove multipart handling when fetching

* update docs on base64 encoding

* don't encode if not set

* log the things

* remove attempt to decode response body

* update URL field lists for formatting purposes

* update schema reference

* update schema

* example URL formatter

* update stored MP3 to be unencoded

* test the default URL field formatters

* start to fix up types

* add examples

* add field test

* move field list to handler settings in schema

* update field handling

* update testing

* update docs

* update swag

* print errors

* update swag

* move common properties back to common schema

* add helpers to diff / delete schemas

* validate UUIDs strictly

* enable strict checking of items in field_list

* handle error property

* use oneOf instead of additionalItems

* more finesse around validating field_list properties

* update storage JSON descriptions

* allow testing of storage doc

* doc update

* update swagger

* include ref'd schema's description when possible

* filter out hrl files

* check for multiple #

* update docs

* update tables from ref schema tables

* new jesse commit sha

* encode as multipart/form-data

* test empty format fields

* properly handle multipart bodies

* dialyzer

* put type outside test macro

* more dialyzer cleanup

* unmatch return

* fix schema tables

* use the script luke

* nicer printing of schema diffs

* add maintenance module for diffing schemas

applications/crossbar/doc/ref/metaflows.md, after:

# Metaflows

## About Metaflows

#### Schema

Actions applied to a call outside of the normal callflow, initiated by the caller(s)



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`binding_digit` | What DTMF will trigger the collection and analysis of the subsequent DTMF sequence | `string('1' | '2' | '3' | '4' | '5' | '6' | '7' | '8' | '9' | '0' | '*' | '#')` | `*` | `false` |  
`digit_timeout` | How long to wait between DTMF presses before processing the collected sequence (milliseconds) | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`listen_on` | Which leg(s) of the call to listen for DTMF | `string('both' | 'self' | 'peer')` |   | `false` |  
`numbers./^[0-9]+$/` | A metaflow node defines a module to execute, data to provide to that module, and one or more children to branch to | [#/definitions/metaflow](#metaflow) |   | `false` |  
`numbers` | A list of static numbers with their flows | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`patterns./.+/` | A metaflow node defines a module to execute, data to provide to that module, and one or more children to branch to | [#/definitions/metaflow](#metaflow) |   | `false` |  
`patterns` | A list of patterns with their flows | `object()` |   | `false` |  

### metaflow

A metaflow node defines a module to execute, data to provide to that module, and one or more children to branch to


Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`children./.+/` | A metaflow node defines a module to execute, data to provide to that module, and one or more children to branch to | [#/definitions/metaflow](#metaflow) |   | `false` |  
`children` | Children metaflows | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`data` | The data/arguments of the metaflow module | `object()` | `{}` | `false` |  
`module` | The name of the metaflow module to execute at this node | `string(1..64)` |   | `true` |  



## Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows
```

## Change

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows
```

## Remove

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/metaflows
```
