applications/crossbar/doc/cdrs.md, before:

# Call Detail Records

CDRs (Call Detail Records) provide a summary view of a call leg.

#### Schema

Call Detail Records



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`app_name` | The Kazoo application that issued the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`app_version` | The internal Kazoo version number of the application that issued the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`billing_seconds` | The number of seconds the call leg can be billed for (typically from when the call leg is answered | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`call_direction` | Direction of the call, relative to the media switch | `string('inbound' | 'outbound')` |   | `false` |  
`call_id` | Unique identifier of the call leg | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`callee_id_name` | The indicated name of the callee | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`callee_id_number` | The indicated number of the callee | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id_name` | The indicated name of the caller | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id_number` | The indicated number of the caller | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_channel_vars` | Kazoo-specific key/value pairs set on the channel | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.in` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls inbound to Kazoo from the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.out` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls outbound from Kazoo to the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers` | A property list of SIP headers | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`digits_dialed` | All the DTMF tones detected on this leg of the call | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`disposition` | Who sent the SIP BYE message | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`duration_seconds` | The duration of the call leg, in seconds | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_bad_rows` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_ecm_used` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_result_code` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_result_text` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_success` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_total_pages` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_transfer_rate` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_transferred_pages` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`from` | Built by Kazoo, depending on direction, to represent the From user | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`from_uri` | The From SIP URI | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`hangup_cause` | The reason for the call leg's termination | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`hangup_code` | The SIP hangup code, if available | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`local_sdp` | The SDP negotiated by the local agent | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`media_server` | The hostname of the media server that processed the call | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`node` | The ecallmgr which issued the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_call_id` | If this leg was bridged, the call-id of the opposite leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_caller_id_name` | Caller ID name of the bridged leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_caller_id_number` | Caller ID number of the bridged leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_destination_number` | Dialed number of the other leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_direction` | direction of the other leg, relative to the media server | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`presence_id` | ID used in NOTIFY SIP messages | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`remote_sdp` | The SDP negotiated by the remote agent | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`request` | Built by Kazoo this is the processed request URI | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ringing_seconds` | How many seconds the leg was ringing (pre-answer) | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`timestamp` | UTC timestamp, in Gregorian seconds, of when the CDR was generated | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`to` | Built by Kazoo, depending on direction, to represent the To user | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`to_uri` | The To SIP URI | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`user_agent` | User agent header from SIP packet | `string()` |   | `false` |  

### custom_sip_headers

Custom SIP headers applied to an INVITE


Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |  



## Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs
```

Get a time range of CDRs (using Gregorian seconds for timestamps):

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs?created_from={FROM_TIMESTAMP}&created_to={TO_TIMESTAMP}
```

Get CDRs and update datetime field to local time zone (using seconds for timeoffset from UTC time):

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs?created_from={FROM_TIMESTAMP}&created_to={TO_TIMESTAMP}&utc_offset={SECONDS_OFFSET}
```

Get CDRs as CSV:

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Accept: text/csv" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs
```

Get CDRs as CSV and define filename:

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Accept: text/csv" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "X-File-Name: {FILE_NAME}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs
```

or

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Accept: text/csv" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs?file_name={FILE_NAME}
```

## Fetch a CDR's details

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/{CDR_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/{CDR_ID}
```

## Fetch interaction summary

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/interaction

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/interaction
```

## Fetch all legs related to an interaction

Crossbar cdrs was extended to provide simplified interaction call detail records. It groups all CDRs that interacted with each other to form a list of calls.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/legs/{INTERACTION_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/legs/{INTERACTION_ID}
```

## Variations

You can select CDRs/interactions for a specific user by adding them to the URI:

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/users/{USER_ID}/cdrs

## Notes on fields

Some fields need a little more explanation to help you understand what they are telling you about the call leg.

* `call_direction` - direction of the leg, relative to the media switch
  * `inbound` - leg came into the media switch (typically the A-leg)
  * `outbound` - leg started on the media switch (typically the B-leg)
* `hangup_cause` - The reason why the call leg ended. See the [FreeSWITCH Hangup Causes](http://wiki.freeswitch.org/wiki/Hangup_causes) page for descriptions.
* `billing_seconds` - How many seconds of the call are billable (post answer, normally)
* `to` - Depends on the direction of the leg
  * outbound - Uses the presence-id or else it uses the SIP Request address
  * inbound - the SIP To header

### Kazoo-specific properties

These are properties set by Kazoo for internal purposes. These are the properties found under the `custom_channel_vars` property at the top-level of the CDR JSON object. The non-exhaustive list of properties:

* `account_id` - Account ID this leg belongs to
* `authorizing_id` - Document ID used to authorize this call leg
* `authorizing_type` - Type of document used to authorize call
  * `device` - the call leg is to/from a known Kazoo device
  * `mobile` - the call leg is to/from a known Kazoo mobile device
  * `resource` - the call leg is from a known offnet carrier
  * `outbound_fax`
* `bridge_id` - Typically the A-leg's call-id; helps with tracking transfers
* `ecallmgr_node` - Which ecallmgr node is processing the call leg
* `fetch_id` - The dialplan XML fetch ID from FreeSWITCH
* `realm` - the SIP realm of the account
* `resource_id` - Resource ID used for the leg; typically a carrier, local or global, that the call was routed to
* `username` - the SIP username of the endpoint that started the leg

### Billing-related Properties

These properties relate to how the leg was rated and billed. Some of these properties are not accessible via Crossbar, but may exist on the CDR

* `reseller_billing` - tag describing what billing was used for the reseller
* `reseller_id` - Account ID of the reseller for the account of this leg
* `account_billing` - tag describing what billing was used for the account
* `rate` - Rate of the call
* `base_cost` - How much the call costs to start (if per-minute)
* `rate_name` - Name of the rate doc used
* `surcharge` - Surcharge added to the leg
* `rate_minimum` - Minimum number of seconds to bill for
* `rate_increment` - Increment of seconds to bill for

### Fax-specific Properties

These properties may exist on a CDR for a fax request (inbound or outbound):

* `fax_transfer_rate` - Baud of the fax transfer
* `fax_bad_rows` - Number of rows that failed to transfer
* `fax_total_pages` - Number of pages in the fax (see `fax_transferred_pages` for how many made it)
* `fax_transferred_pages` - Number of pages transferred
* `fax_ecm_used` - Was ECM (error correction mode) used on the fax
* `fax_result_text` - Error String, if any, or 'OK' if successful
* `fax_result_code` - [Result code](http://wiki.freeswitch.org/wiki/Variable_fax_result_code) of the transmission
* `fax_success` - boolean for whether the fax was considered a success
* `fax_t38` - boolean for whether the fax T.38 was used

### Resource Properties

All resource properties are set by the Stepswitch application.

* `resource_type` - This property attempts to explain the reason the resource was used.  The possible values are:
    * offnet-origination - Inbound call from a resource/carrier to a Kazoo account
    * offnet-termination - Outbound call from a Kazoo account to a resource/carrier
    * onnet-origination - Inbound call from a Kazoo account to another Kazoo account
    * onnet-termination - Outbound call from a Kazoo account to another Kazoo account
* `global_resource` - This boolean is TRUE when the channel has been created by processing a resource from the offnet database, and FALSE if the resource is from an account database (local).
* `resource_id` - This is resource document id used to create the channel

Commit message:

[4.3] HELP-41542: improved interaction_id queries (#5512)
* HELP-41542: improved interaction_id queries

* more updates

* filter 'no_filter'

* udpates

applications/crossbar/doc/cdrs.md, after:

# Call Detail Records

CDRs (Call Detail Records) provide a summary view of a call leg.

#### Schema

Call Detail Records



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`app_name` | The Kazoo application that issued the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`app_version` | The internal Kazoo version number of the application that issued the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`billing_seconds` | The number of seconds the call leg can be billed for (typically from when the call leg is answered | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`call_direction` | Direction of the call, relative to the media switch | `string('inbound' | 'outbound')` |   | `false` |  
`call_id` | Unique identifier of the call leg | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`callee_id_name` | The indicated name of the callee | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`callee_id_number` | The indicated number of the callee | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id_name` | The indicated name of the caller | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_id_number` | The indicated number of the caller | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_application_vars` | Any custom-set values | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_channel_vars` | Kazoo-specific key/value pairs set on the channel | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.in` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls inbound to Kazoo from the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.out` | Custom SIP Headers to be applied to calls outbound from Kazoo to the endpoint | [#/definitions/custom_sip_headers](#custom_sip_headers) |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers.^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`custom_sip_headers` | A property list of SIP headers | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`digits_dialed` | All the DTMF tones detected on this leg of the call | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`disposition` | Who sent the SIP BYE message | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`duration_seconds` | The duration of the call leg, in seconds | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_bad_rows` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_ecm_used` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_result_code` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_result_text` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_success` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_total_pages` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_transfer_rate` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`fax_transferred_pages` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`from` | Built by Kazoo, depending on direction, to represent the From user | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`from_tag` | SIP From TAG | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`from_uri` | The From SIP URI | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`hangup_cause` | The reason for the call leg's termination | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`hangup_code` | The SIP hangup code, if available | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`interaction_id` | correlating ID among related call legs | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`local_sdp` | The SDP negotiated by the local agent | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`media_server` | The hostname of the media server that processed the call | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`node` | The ecallmgr which issued the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_call_id` | If this leg was bridged, the call-id of the opposite leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_caller_id_name` | Caller ID name of the bridged leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_caller_id_number` | Caller ID number of the bridged leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_destination_number` | Dialed number of the other leg | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`other_leg_direction` | direction of the other leg, relative to the media server | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`presence_id` | ID used in NOTIFY SIP messages | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`remote_sdp` | The SDP negotiated by the remote agent | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`request` | Built by Kazoo this is the processed request URI | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ringing_seconds` | How many seconds the leg was ringing (pre-answer) | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`timestamp` | UTC timestamp, in Gregorian seconds, of when the CDR was generated | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`to` | Built by Kazoo, depending on direction, to represent the To user | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`to_tag` | SIP TO Tag | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`to_uri` | The To SIP URI | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`user_agent` | User agent header from SIP packet | `string()` |   | `false` |  

### custom_sip_headers

Custom SIP headers applied to an INVITE


Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`^[a-zA-z0-9_\-]+$` | The SIP header to add | `string()` |   | `false` |  



## Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs
```

Get a time range of CDRs (using Gregorian seconds for timestamps):

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs?created_from={FROM_TIMESTAMP}&created_to={TO_TIMESTAMP}
```

Get CDRs and update datetime field to local time zone (using seconds for timeoffset from UTC time):

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs?created_from={FROM_TIMESTAMP}&created_to={TO_TIMESTAMP}&utc_offset={SECONDS_OFFSET}
```

Get CDRs as CSV:

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Accept: text/csv" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs
```

Get CDRs as CSV and define filename:

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Accept: text/csv" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "X-File-Name: {FILE_NAME}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs
```

or

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Accept: text/csv" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs?file_name={FILE_NAME}
```

## Fetch a CDR's details

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/{CDR_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/{CDR_ID}
```

## Fetch interaction summary

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/interaction

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/interaction
```

## Fetch all legs related to an interaction

Crossbar cdrs was extended to provide simplified interaction call detail records. It groups all CDRs that interacted with each other to form a list of calls.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/legs/{INTERACTION_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/cdrs/legs/{INTERACTION_ID}
```

## Variations

You can select CDRs/interactions for a specific user by adding them to the URI:

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/users/{USER_ID}/cdrs

## Notes on fields

Some fields need a little more explanation to help you understand what they are telling you about the call leg.

* `call_direction` - direction of the leg, relative to the media switch
  * `inbound` - leg came into the media switch (typically the A-leg)
  * `outbound` - leg started on the media switch (typically the B-leg)
* `hangup_cause` - The reason why the call leg ended. See the [FreeSWITCH Hangup Causes](http://wiki.freeswitch.org/wiki/Hangup_causes) page for descriptions.
* `billing_seconds` - How many seconds of the call are billable (post answer, normally)
* `to` - Depends on the direction of the leg
  * outbound - Uses the presence-id or else it uses the SIP Request address
  * inbound - the SIP To header

### Kazoo-specific properties

These are properties set by Kazoo for internal purposes. These are the properties found under the `custom_channel_vars` property at the top-level of the CDR JSON object. The non-exhaustive list of properties:

* `account_id` - Account ID this leg belongs to
* `authorizing_id` - Document ID used to authorize this call leg
* `authorizing_type` - Type of document used to authorize call
  * `device` - the call leg is to/from a known Kazoo device
  * `mobile` - the call leg is to/from a known Kazoo mobile device
  * `resource` - the call leg is from a known offnet carrier
  * `outbound_fax`
* `bridge_id` - Typically the A-leg's call-id; helps with tracking transfers
* `ecallmgr_node` - Which ecallmgr node is processing the call leg
* `fetch_id` - The dialplan XML fetch ID from FreeSWITCH
* `realm` - the SIP realm of the account
* `resource_id` - Resource ID used for the leg; typically a carrier, local or global, that the call was routed to
* `username` - the SIP username of the endpoint that started the leg

### Billing-related Properties

These properties relate to how the leg was rated and billed. Some of these properties are not accessible via Crossbar, but may exist on the CDR

* `reseller_billing` - tag describing what billing was used for the reseller
* `reseller_id` - Account ID of the reseller for the account of this leg
* `account_billing` - tag describing what billing was used for the account
* `rate` - Rate of the call
* `base_cost` - How much the call costs to start (if per-minute)
* `rate_name` - Name of the rate doc used
* `surcharge` - Surcharge added to the leg
* `rate_minimum` - Minimum number of seconds to bill for
* `rate_increment` - Increment of seconds to bill for

### Fax-specific Properties

These properties may exist on a CDR for a fax request (inbound or outbound):

* `fax_transfer_rate` - Baud of the fax transfer
* `fax_bad_rows` - Number of rows that failed to transfer
* `fax_total_pages` - Number of pages in the fax (see `fax_transferred_pages` for how many made it)
* `fax_transferred_pages` - Number of pages transferred
* `fax_ecm_used` - Was ECM (error correction mode) used on the fax
* `fax_result_text` - Error String, if any, or 'OK' if successful
* `fax_result_code` - [Result code](http://wiki.freeswitch.org/wiki/Variable_fax_result_code) of the transmission
* `fax_success` - boolean for whether the fax was considered a success
* `fax_t38` - boolean for whether the fax T.38 was used

### Resource Properties

All resource properties are set by the Stepswitch application.

* `resource_type` - This property attempts to explain the reason the resource was used.  The possible values are:
    * offnet-origination - Inbound call from a resource/carrier to a Kazoo account
    * offnet-termination - Outbound call from a Kazoo account to a resource/carrier
    * onnet-origination - Inbound call from a Kazoo account to another Kazoo account
    * onnet-termination - Outbound call from a Kazoo account to another Kazoo account
* `global_resource` - This boolean is TRUE when the channel has been created by processing a resource from the offnet database, and FALSE if the resource is from an account database (local).
* `resource_id` - This is resource document id used to create the channel
