applications/crossbar/doc/faxes.md, before:

# Faxes

## Fax Subsystem Overview

The Faxes API exposes lots of ways to send, receive, track and manage faxes.

As a general concept, faxes are either considered inbound or outbound faxes. In addition:

* API calls with the term "incoming" are used for tracking faxes currently in the process of being received
* API calls with the term "inbox" are used for managing faxes which have already been received
* API calls with the term "outgoing" are used for tracking faxes currently in the process of being sent
* API calls with the term "outbox" are used for managing faxes which have already been sent

## Schema

Faxes API allows you to update and access fax jobs for both sending and receiving



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`attempts` | The number of attempts made, this will be set by the system and reset automaticly on put/post | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`document.content` | The content provided in the body when fetching for transmission as a post | `string(0..256)` |   | `false` |
`document.content_type` | The content type header to be used when fetching for transmission as a post | `string()` |   | `false` |
`document.host` | The host header to be used when fetching for transmission | `string()` |   | `false` |
`document.method` | The method that should be used to reteive the document | `string('get' | 'post')` | `get` | `false` |
`document.referer` | The referer header to be used when fetching for transmission | `string()` |   | `false` |
`document.url` | The url of the fax document | `string()` |   | `true` |
`document` | Parameters related to the storage of a fax document | `object()` |   | `false` |
`from_name` | The sender name for the fax | `string()` |   | `false` |
`from_number` | The sender number for the fax | `string()` |   | `true` |
`notifications.email.send_to.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |
`notifications.email.send_to` | A list or string of email recipent(s) | `string() | array(string())` |   | `false` |
`notifications.email` | Email notifications | `object()` |   | `false` |
`notifications.sms.send_to.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |
`notifications.sms.send_to` | A list or string of sms recipent(s) | `string() | array(string())` |   | `false` |
`notifications.sms` | SMS notifications | `object()` |   | `false` |
`notifications` | Status notifications | `object()` |   | `false` |
`retries` | The number of times to retry | `integer()` | `1` | `false` |
`to_name` | The recipient name for the fax | `string()` |   | `false` |
`to_number` | The recipient number for the fax | `string()` |   | `true` |
`tx_result.error_message` | A description of any error that occurred | `string()` | "" | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_bad_rows` | The number of bad rows | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_error_correction` | True if fax error correction was used | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_receiver_id` | The receiver id reported by the remote fax device | `string()` | "" | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_speed` | The speed (Baud-Rate) achieved during transmission | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result.pages_sent` | The number of pages transmitted | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result.success` | True if the fax transmission was successful | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |
`tx_result.time_elapsed` | The amount of time from submition to completion | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result` | The result of a transmission attempt | `object()` |   | `false` |



## Send Outgoing Fax

There are two way to send outgoing fax. You can provide a URL to the document you wish or send or you can provide the the document with the same send request payload.

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"document":{"url":"http://myserver.com/fax.pdf","method":"get"},"retries":3,"from_name":"Test Fax","from_number":"18884732963","to_name":"To Name","to_number":"18884732963"}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes
```

```json
{
    "data":{
        "document":{
            "url":"http://myserver.com/fax.pdf",
            "method":"get"
        },
        "retries":3,
        "from_name":"Test Fax",
        "from_number":"18884732963",
        "to_name":"To Name",
        "to_number":"18884732963",
        "attempts":0,
        "tx_result":{
            "error_message":"",
            "fax_bad_rows":0,
            "fax_error_correction":false,
            "fax_receiver_id":""
            ,"fax_speed":0,
            "pages_sent":0,
            "success":false,
            "time_elapsed":0
        },
        "fax_timezone":"undefined",
        "id":"{FAX_JOB_ID}"
    },
    "revision":"{REVISION}",
    "request_id":"{REQUEST_ID}",
    "status":"success",
    "auth_token":"{AUTH_TOKEN}"
}
```

In the second method, you can use a single PUT request and send a [multi-part `content-type`](./multipart) to attach both the JSON metadata about the fax transmission and the document itself, in a single request. This avoids needing to have an external storage location for storing fax attachments prior to processing. This is a good solution for portals that upload documents.

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
     -H "Content-Type: multipart/mixed" \
     -F "content=@fax.json; type=application/json" \
     -F "content=@fax.pdf; type=application/pdf" \
     -H 'X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}' \
     http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes
```

## Create an outgoing fax (Alias)

This is identical to the `PUT /faxes` above.

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing
```

## Fetch outgoing faxes and their statuses

This API retrieves a listing of all outgoing faxes. Use the "id" to fetch details about a particular job. Results will contain a listing of both API- and SMTP (email) - initiated outbound faxes.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "created": 63626410973,
            "from": "18884732963",
            "id": "{FAX_JOB_ID}",
            "status": "pending",
            "to": "18884732963"
        }
    ],
    "page_size": 1,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "start_key": [
        "{START_KEY}"
    ],
    "status": "success"
}
```

## Fetch details of a queued outgoing fax job

Get all the details about a fax that is in the outgoing queue.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing/{FAX_JOB_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing/{FAX_JOB_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "attempts": 0,
        "created": 63626410973,
        "delivered": "undefined",
        "document": {
            "method": "get",
            "url": "http://myserver.com/fax.pdf"
        },
        "fax_timezone": "undefined",
        "from_name": "Test Fax",
        "from_number": "18884732963",
        "id": "{FAX_JOB_ID}",
        "retries": 3,
        "status": "pending",
        "to_name": "To Name",
        "to_number": "18884732963",
        "tx_result": {
            "error_message": "",
            "fax_bad_rows": 0,
            "fax_error_correction": false,
            "fax_receiver_id": "",
            "fax_speed": 0,
            "pages_sent": 0,
            "success": false,
            "time_elapsed": 0
        }
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```

## Managing Past Outbound Faxes

### Fetch All Previously Sent Faxes In The Outbox Folder

This API retrieves a listing of all outgoing faxes which have already been sent or attempted and are no longer in queue. Results will contain a listing of both API- and SMTP (email) - initiated outbound faxes.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox
```

### Fetch A Fax From The Outbox Folder

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Resubmit A Fax From The Outbox Folder

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"action": "resubmit", "data": {}}'
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Fetch The Fax Payload

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```


### Fetch Logs Related To Outbound Faxes Submitted Via Email

If a fax job was queued or attempted to be queued as the result of an inbound email, the SMTP log for that fax can be retrieved via this API. This is also useful for helping debug problems with inbound faxes, such as when the domain matched an account for an inbound fax, but not a specific faxbox, and thus failed to process.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog
```

### Fetch A Specific Log Related To Email

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog/{ATTEMPT_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog/{ATTEMPT_ID}
```


### Remove A Fax From The Outbox Folder

This API allows you to delete an old fax message. For privacy reasons, this may be useful if you wish to remove all evidence of a previously sent outbound fax.

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Remove The Fax Payload

In some cases, you may wish to remove the document from a fax (usually for privacy reasons) but keep evidence that the fax transmission occurred. This will remove attachments but not the metadata from a sent fax.


> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```

## Managing Past Inbound Faxes

### Fetch All Faxes In The Inbox Folder

Retrieve a list of faxes that have previously been received.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox
```

### Fetch A Fax From The Inbox Folder

Retrieve all metadata about a particular fax for which you have the fax ID.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Fetch The Fax Payload

Retrieve the fax document / attachments for a particular inbound fax for which you have the fax ID.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```

### Remove A Fax From The Inbox Folder

Delete an old fax message. For privacy reasons, this may be useful if you wish to remove all evidence of a previously received inbound fax.

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Remove The Fax Payload

In some cases, you may wish to remove the document from a fax (usually for privacy reasons) but keep evidence that the fax receipt occurred. This will remove attachments but not the metadata from a received fax. Useful after you've done post-processing on a fax externally.

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```

## APIs under active development

#### Receiving Inbound Faxes

##### List Incoming Fax Jobs

Retrieve a list of faxes that are currently being received or attempted to be received.
NOTE: THIS FUNCTION DOES NOT WORK YET AS OF THE WRITING OF THIS DOCUMENT. We'll update this doc once this function is complete.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming
```

##### Fetch An Incoming Fax Job


> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming/{FAX_ID}
```

Commit message:

Removes comment section from markdown files (#4996)
* remove doc "comments"

* ignore .md.bak files (spellchecked backups)

* add spellcheck target and custom dictionary

* spellchecked markdown

* fix spelling of recipient

* add to common misspellings

* spellcheck blackhole app

* rename jargon file

* move spellcheck to included makefile

* add some corrections

* small changes

* more spellchecks

* fix include

* don't create .bak files

* add personal replacement file

* fix spelling

* rename to default

* fix up ecallmgr

* more words and corrections

* app-specific spellcheck

* update dict and repl

* update schemas

* update docs

* fix unsolicited spelling

* use the right word

* make sure old key is used but don't allow old keys to persist

* var name fix

* fetch old unsolicited key but don't set it

* migrate old config key

* fix brace

* update swagger

* gregorian seconds

* alias couchjs suggestion

* check blackhole

* splchk callflows

* splchk call inspector

* splchk the apps

* add spaces back

* update docs for acdc callflow actions

* splchk core

* find markdown files

* update docs

* update dict

* prune the find

* crossbar splchk

* revert automated fixes

applications/crossbar/doc/faxes.md, after:

# Faxes

## Fax Subsystem Overview

The Faxes API exposes lots of ways to send, receive, track and manage faxes.

As a general concept, faxes are either considered inbound or outbound faxes. In addition:

* API calls with the term "incoming" are used for tracking faxes currently in the process of being received
* API calls with the term "inbox" are used for managing faxes which have already been received
* API calls with the term "outgoing" are used for tracking faxes currently in the process of being sent
* API calls with the term "outbox" are used for managing faxes which have already been sent

## Schema

Faxes API allows you to update and access fax jobs for both sending and receiving



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`attempts` | The number of attempts made, this will be set by the system and reset automatically on put/post | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`document.content` | The content provided in the body when fetching for transmission as a post | `string(0..256)` |   | `false` |
`document.content_type` | The content type header to be used when fetching for transmission as a post | `string()` |   | `false` |
`document.host` | The host header to be used when fetching for transmission | `string()` |   | `false` |
`document.method` | The method that should be used to retrieve the document | `string('get' | 'post')` | `get` | `false` |
`document.referer` | The referer header to be used when fetching for transmission | `string()` |   | `false` |
`document.url` | The url of the fax document | `string()` |   | `true` |
`document` | Parameters related to the storage of a fax document | `object()` |   | `false` |
`from_name` | The sender name for the fax | `string()` |   | `false` |
`from_number` | The sender number for the fax | `string()` |   | `true` |
`notifications.email.send_to.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |
`notifications.email.send_to` | A list or string of email recipient(s) | `string() | array(string())` |   | `false` |
`notifications.email` | Email notifications | `object()` |   | `false` |
`notifications.sms.send_to.[]` |   | `string()` |   | `false` |
`notifications.sms.send_to` | A list or string of sms recipient(s) | `string() | array(string())` |   | `false` |
`notifications.sms` | SMS notifications | `object()` |   | `false` |
`notifications` | Status notifications | `object()` |   | `false` |
`retries` | The number of times to retry | `integer()` | `1` | `false` |
`to_name` | The recipient name for the fax | `string()` |   | `false` |
`to_number` | The recipient number for the fax | `string()` |   | `true` |
`tx_result.error_message` | A description of any error that occurred | `string()` | "" | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_bad_rows` | The number of bad rows | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_error_correction` | True if fax error correction was used | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_receiver_id` | The receiver id reported by the remote fax device | `string()` | "" | `false` |
`tx_result.fax_speed` | The speed (Baud-Rate) achieved during transmission | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result.pages_sent` | The number of pages transmitted | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result.success` | True if the fax transmission was successful | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |
`tx_result.time_elapsed` | The amount of time from submission to completion | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |
`tx_result` | The result of a transmission attempt | `object()` |   | `false` |



## Send Outgoing Fax

There are two way to send outgoing fax. You can provide a URL to the document you wish or send or you can provide the the document with the same send request payload.

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"document":{"url":"http://myserver.com/fax.pdf","method":"get"},"retries":3,"from_name":"Test Fax","from_number":"18884732963","to_name":"To Name","to_number":"18884732963"}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes
```

```json
{
    "data":{
        "document":{
            "url":"http://myserver.com/fax.pdf",
            "method":"get"
        },
        "retries":3,
        "from_name":"Test Fax",
        "from_number":"18884732963",
        "to_name":"To Name",
        "to_number":"18884732963",
        "attempts":0,
        "tx_result":{
            "error_message":"",
            "fax_bad_rows":0,
            "fax_error_correction":false,
            "fax_receiver_id":""
            ,"fax_speed":0,
            "pages_sent":0,
            "success":false,
            "time_elapsed":0
        },
        "fax_timezone":"undefined",
        "id":"{FAX_JOB_ID}"
    },
    "revision":"{REVISION}",
    "request_id":"{REQUEST_ID}",
    "status":"success",
    "auth_token":"{AUTH_TOKEN}"
}
```

In the second method, you can use a single PUT request and send a [multi-part `content-type`](./multipart) to attach both the JSON metadata about the fax transmission and the document itself, in a single request. This avoids needing to have an external storage location for storing fax attachments prior to processing. This is a good solution for portals that upload documents.

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
     -H "Content-Type: multipart/mixed" \
     -F "content=@fax.json; type=application/json" \
     -F "content=@fax.pdf; type=application/pdf" \
     -H 'X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}' \
     http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes
```

## Create an outgoing fax (Alias)

This is identical to the `PUT /faxes` above.

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing
```

## Fetch outgoing faxes and their statuses

This API retrieves a listing of all outgoing faxes. Use the "id" to fetch details about a particular job. Results will contain a listing of both API- and SMTP (email) - initiated outbound faxes.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "created": 63626410973,
            "from": "18884732963",
            "id": "{FAX_JOB_ID}",
            "status": "pending",
            "to": "18884732963"
        }
    ],
    "page_size": 1,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "start_key": [
        "{START_KEY}"
    ],
    "status": "success"
}
```

## Fetch details of a queued outgoing fax job

Get all the details about a fax that is in the outgoing queue.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing/{FAX_JOB_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outgoing/{FAX_JOB_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "attempts": 0,
        "created": 63626410973,
        "delivered": "undefined",
        "document": {
            "method": "get",
            "url": "http://myserver.com/fax.pdf"
        },
        "fax_timezone": "undefined",
        "from_name": "Test Fax",
        "from_number": "18884732963",
        "id": "{FAX_JOB_ID}",
        "retries": 3,
        "status": "pending",
        "to_name": "To Name",
        "to_number": "18884732963",
        "tx_result": {
            "error_message": "",
            "fax_bad_rows": 0,
            "fax_error_correction": false,
            "fax_receiver_id": "",
            "fax_speed": 0,
            "pages_sent": 0,
            "success": false,
            "time_elapsed": 0
        }
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```

## Managing Past Outbound Faxes

### Fetch All Previously Sent Faxes In The Outbox Folder

This API retrieves a listing of all outgoing faxes which have already been sent or attempted and are no longer in queue. Results will contain a listing of both API- and SMTP (email) - initiated outbound faxes.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox
```

### Fetch A Fax From The Outbox Folder

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Resubmit A Fax From The Outbox Folder

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"action": "resubmit", "data": {}}'
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Fetch The Fax Payload

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```


### Fetch Logs Related To Outbound Faxes Submitted Via Email

If a fax job was queued or attempted to be queued as the result of an inbound email, the SMTP log for that fax can be retrieved via this API. This is also useful for helping debug problems with inbound faxes, such as when the domain matched an account for an inbound fax, but not a specific faxbox, and thus failed to process.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog
```

### Fetch A Specific Log Related To Email

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog/{ATTEMPT_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/smtplog/{ATTEMPT_ID}
```


### Remove A Fax From The Outbox Folder

This API allows you to delete an old fax message. For privacy reasons, this may be useful if you wish to remove all evidence of a previously sent outbound fax.

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Remove The Fax Payload

In some cases, you may wish to remove the document from a fax (usually for privacy reasons) but keep evidence that the fax transmission occurred. This will remove attachments but not the metadata from a sent fax.


> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/outbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```

## Managing Past Inbound Faxes

### Fetch All Faxes In The Inbox Folder

Retrieve a list of faxes that have previously been received.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox
```

### Fetch A Fax From The Inbox Folder

Retrieve all metadata about a particular fax for which you have the fax ID.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Fetch The Fax Payload

Retrieve the fax document / attachments for a particular inbound fax for which you have the fax ID.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```

### Remove A Fax From The Inbox Folder

Delete an old fax message. For privacy reasons, this may be useful if you wish to remove all evidence of a previously received inbound fax.

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}
```

### Remove The Fax Payload

In some cases, you may wish to remove the document from a fax (usually for privacy reasons) but keep evidence that the fax receipt occurred. This will remove attachments but not the metadata from a received fax. Useful after you've done post-processing on a fax externally.

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/inbox/{FAX_ID}/attachment
```

## APIs under active development

#### Receiving Inbound Faxes

##### List Incoming Fax Jobs

Retrieve a list of faxes that are currently being received or attempted to be received.
NOTE: THIS FUNCTION DOES NOT WORK YET AS OF THE WRITING OF THIS DOCUMENT. We'll update this doc once this function is complete.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming
```

##### Fetch An Incoming Fax Job


> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming/{FAX_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/faxes/incoming/{FAX_ID}
```
