applications/crossbar/doc/queues.md, before:

### Queues

#### About Queues

When you have more callers than agents to handle those calls, you can create a call queue to put the callers on hold while agents process callers in the order they arrived in.

#### Schema

Call Queues - FIFO call queues for serializing callers connecting to agents



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`agent_ring_timeout` | In seconds, how long to ring an agent before progressing to the next agent available | `integer()` | `15` | `false` |  
`agent_wrapup_time` | Pre-defined wait period applied after an agent handles a customer call | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |  
`announce` | Media ID (or appropriate media URI) of media to play when caller is about to be connected. | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements.interval` | Time between announcements | `integer()` | `30` | `false` |  
`announcements.media.in_the_queue` | Played after the numeric position | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media.increase_in_call_volume` | Played if the estimated wait time has increased since the previous wait time announcement | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media.the_estimated_wait_time_is` | Played before the estimated wait time media | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media.you_are_at_position` | Played before the numeric position | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media` | Custom prompts to be played for the announcements | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements.position_announcements_enabled` | Whether announcements of the caller's position in the queue should be played | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements.wait_time_announcements_enabled` | Whether announcements of the estimated wait time in the queue should be played | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements` | Configuration for periodic announcements to callers waiting in the queue | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_exit_key` | Key caller can press while on hold to exit the queue and continue in the callflow | `string('1' | '2' | '3' | '4' | '5' | '6' | '7' | '8' | '9' | '*' | '0' | '#')` | `#` | `false` |  
`cdr_url` | An optional HTTP URL to POST the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`connection_timeout` | In seconds, how long to try to connect the caller before progressing past the queue callflow action | `integer()` | `3600` | `false` |  
`enter_when_empty` | Allows a caller to enter a queue and wait when no agents are available | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`max_priority` | Maximum possible priority level queue will support. Can not be redefined for existing queue. | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`max_queue_size` | How many callers are allowed to wait on hold in the queue (0 for no limit) | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |  
`moh` | Media ID (or appropriate media URI) of media to play while caller is on hold. | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`name` | A friendly name for the queue | `string(1..128)` |   | `true` |  
`record_caller` | When enabled, a caller's audio will be recorded | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |  
`recording_url` | An optional HTTP URL to PUT the call recording after the call ends (and should respond to GET for retrieving the audio data) | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ring_simultaneously` | The number of agents to try in parallel when connecting a caller | `integer()` | `1` | `false` |  
`strategy` | The queue strategy for connecting agents to callers | `string('round_robin' | 'most_idle')` | `round_robin` | `false` |  



#### Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "id": "37139638ff5b68f155d8445178524df1",
            "name": "Support Queue"
        }
    ],
    "page_size": 1,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Create a queue

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"name":"Support Queue"}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "37139638ff5b68f155d8445178524df1",
        "max_queue_size": 0,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Remove a queue

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "{QUEUE_ID}",
        "max_queue_size": 0,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Details of a specific queue

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "agents": [],
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "{QUEUE_ID}",
        "max_queue_size": 0,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Update a queue's properties

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data": {"name":"Support Queue", "max_queue_size": 7}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "93d35ae9f91cf2d5ee4e1bfe59dda029",
        "max_queue_size": 7,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### List queues stats

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/stats

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/stats
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "current_timestamp": 63642383800,
        "stats": []
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Clear a queue's roster

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### List queue roster (which agents are assigned to the queue)

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [],
    "page_size": 0,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```

##### Set the queue roster

    curl -v -X POST -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://server.com:8000/v1/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster -d '{"data": ["f3ced8ea7bccc352a2124e8a34351e81", "e154a97ec2942599865a1591a477fd19"]}'

Commit message:

Update queues.md (#5325)
added "It is important to note that the information is for ACDC and NOT Qubicle." to documentation for clarity

applications/crossbar/doc/queues.md, after:

### Queues

#### About Queues

When you have more callers than agents to handle those calls, you can create a call queue to put the callers on hold while agents process callers in the order they arrived in.  It is important to note that the information is for ACDC and NOT Qubicle.

#### Schema

Call Queues - FIFO call queues for serializing callers connecting to agents



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`agent_ring_timeout` | In seconds, how long to ring an agent before progressing to the next agent available | `integer()` | `15` | `false` |  
`agent_wrapup_time` | Pre-defined wait period applied after an agent handles a customer call | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |  
`announce` | Media ID (or appropriate media URI) of media to play when caller is about to be connected. | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements.interval` | Time between announcements | `integer()` | `30` | `false` |  
`announcements.media.in_the_queue` | Played after the numeric position | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media.increase_in_call_volume` | Played if the estimated wait time has increased since the previous wait time announcement | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media.the_estimated_wait_time_is` | Played before the estimated wait time media | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media.you_are_at_position` | Played before the numeric position | `string()` |   | `true` |  
`announcements.media` | Custom prompts to be played for the announcements | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements.position_announcements_enabled` | Whether announcements of the caller's position in the queue should be played | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements.wait_time_announcements_enabled` | Whether announcements of the estimated wait time in the queue should be played | `boolean()` |   | `false` |  
`announcements` | Configuration for periodic announcements to callers waiting in the queue | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`caller_exit_key` | Key caller can press while on hold to exit the queue and continue in the callflow | `string('1' | '2' | '3' | '4' | '5' | '6' | '7' | '8' | '9' | '*' | '0' | '#')` | `#` | `false` |  
`cdr_url` | An optional HTTP URL to POST the CDR | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`connection_timeout` | In seconds, how long to try to connect the caller before progressing past the queue callflow action | `integer()` | `3600` | `false` |  
`enter_when_empty` | Allows a caller to enter a queue and wait when no agents are available | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`max_priority` | Maximum possible priority level queue will support. Can not be redefined for existing queue. | `integer()` |   | `false` |  
`max_queue_size` | How many callers are allowed to wait on hold in the queue (0 for no limit) | `integer()` | `0` | `false` |  
`moh` | Media ID (or appropriate media URI) of media to play while caller is on hold. | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`name` | A friendly name for the queue | `string(1..128)` |   | `true` |  
`record_caller` | When enabled, a caller's audio will be recorded | `boolean()` | `false` | `false` |  
`recording_url` | An optional HTTP URL to PUT the call recording after the call ends (and should respond to GET for retrieving the audio data) | `string()` |   | `false` |  
`ring_simultaneously` | The number of agents to try in parallel when connecting a caller | `integer()` | `1` | `false` |  
`strategy` | The queue strategy for connecting agents to callers | `string('round_robin' | 'most_idle')` | `round_robin` | `false` |  



#### Fetch

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "id": "37139638ff5b68f155d8445178524df1",
            "name": "Support Queue"
        }
    ],
    "page_size": 1,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Create a queue

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"name":"Support Queue"}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "37139638ff5b68f155d8445178524df1",
        "max_queue_size": 0,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Remove a queue

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "{QUEUE_ID}",
        "max_queue_size": 0,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Details of a specific queue

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "agents": [],
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "{QUEUE_ID}",
        "max_queue_size": 0,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Update a queue's properties

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data": {"name":"Support Queue", "max_queue_size": 7}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "agent_ring_timeout": 15,
        "agent_wrapup_time": 0,
        "caller_exit_key": "#",
        "connection_timeout": 3600,
        "enter_when_empty": true,
        "id": "93d35ae9f91cf2d5ee4e1bfe59dda029",
        "max_queue_size": 7,
        "name": "Support Queue",
        "record_caller": false,
        "ring_simultaneously": 1,
        "strategy": "round_robin"
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### List queues stats

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/stats

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/stats
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": {
        "current_timestamp": 63642383800,
        "stats": []
    },
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### Clear a queue's roster

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```


#### List queue roster (which agents are assigned to the queue)

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [],
    "page_size": 0,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "revision": "{REVISION}",
    "status": "success"
}
```

##### Set the queue roster

    curl -v -X POST -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" -H "Content-Type: application/json" http://server.com:8000/v1/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/queues/{QUEUE_ID}/roster -d '{"data": ["f3ced8ea7bccc352a2124e8a34351e81", "e154a97ec2942599865a1591a477fd19"]}'
