applications/crossbar/doc/webhooks.md, before:

# Webhooks

## About Webhooks

Webhooks allow Kazoo to send HTTP requests to a third-party web server, alerting that server of events occurring within Kazoo. Typically, events would be fired for new calls, when a call is answered, and when a call is finished, though other events will be added in the future.

#### Schema

Web Hooks are subscriptions to allowed events that, when the event occurs, the event data is sent to the uri set in the Web Hook document.



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`custom_data` | These properties will be added to the event and will overwrite existing values. | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`enabled` | Is the webhook enabled and running | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`hook` | The trigger event for a request being made to 'callback_uri'. | `string()` |   | `true` | `supported`
`http_verb` | What HTTP method to use when contacting the server | `string('get' | 'post')` | `post` | `false` | `supported`
`include_internal_legs` | Whether to filter out call legs that are internal to the system (loopback) | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`include_subaccounts` | Should the webhook be fired for subaccount events. | `boolean()` |   | `false` | `supported`
`name` | A friendly name for the webhook | `string()` |   | `true` | `supported`
`retries` | Retry the request this many times (if it fails) | `integer()` | `2` | `false` | `supported`
`uri` | The 3rd party URI to call out to an event | `string()` |   | `true` | `supported`



## Fetch

> GET /v2/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Content-Type:application/json" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN} \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "description": "Events when calls end",
            "id": "channel_destroy",
            "name": "channel_destroy"
        },
        {
            "description": "Events when new calls start",
            "id": "channel_create",
            "name": "channel_create"
        },
        {
            "description": "Events for when the channel is answered by the endpoint",
            "id": "channel_answer",
            "name": "channel_answer"
        },
        {
           "description": "Receive notifications when objects in Kazoo are changed",
           "id": "object",
           "modifiers": {
               "action": {
                   "description": "A list of object actions to handle",
                   "items": [
                       "doc_created",
                       "doc_edited",
                       "doc_deleted"
                   ],
                   "type": "array"
               },
               "type": {
                   "description": "A list of object types to handle",
                   "items": [
                       "account",
                       "callflow",
                       "device",
                       "faxbox",
                       "media",
                       "user",
                       "vmbox"
                   ],
                   "type": "array"
               },
               "types": {
                   "description": "A list of object types to handle",
                   "items": {
                       "type": "string"
                   },
                   "type": "array"
               }
           },
           "name": "object"
       }
   ],
   "page_size": 4,
   "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
   "revision": "{REVISION}",
   "status": "success"
}
```

## Get sample payloads of all webhook events

> GET /v2/webhooks/samples

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples
```

### Example

**Request:**

```shell
curl -H "'ontent-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples'
```

**Response:**

```json
{
  "data": [
    "webhooks_channel_answer",
    "webhooks_channel_bridge",
    "webhooks_channel_create",
    "webhooks_channel_destroy",
    "webhooks_notifications",
    "webhooks_object",
    "webhooks_parking"
  ],
  "revision": "{REVISION}",
  "timestamp": "{TIMESTAMP}",
  "version": "{VERSION}",
  "node": "{NODE}",
  "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
  "status": "success"
}
```

## Get sample payloads of a webhook event

> GET /v2/webhooks/samples/{SAMPLE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/{SAMPLE_ID}
```

You can use regular [Crossbar query string filters](./filters.md) to narrow down the samples, for example:

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/webhook_notifications?filter_event_name=missed_call'
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/webhook_object?filter_action=doc_created'
```

### Example

**Request:**

```shell
curl -s -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/webhooks_parking'
```

**Response:**

```json
{
  "page_size": 1,
  "data": [
    {
      "account_id": "5a2d994fbae69b1d6b01eb9f0e7dfe62",
      "call_id": "OWU4NzEwOTgyZWNiMjM0MzI0NjRkZDc4MWVmMjEyOWI",
      "callee_id_name": "Test Name",
      "callee_id_number": "5355543456",
      "caller_id_Number": "+15555432345",
      "caller_id_name": "Superman",
      "event_name": "PARK_PARKED",
      "parking_slot": 1
    }
  ],
  "revision": "{REVISION}",
  "timestamp": "{TIMESTAMP}",
  "version": "{VERSION}",
  "node": "{NODE}",
  "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
  "status": "success"
}
```

## List webhooks

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks

Any webhooks with *disable_reason* in the summary has been auto-disabled.

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks
```

## Create webhook

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"data": {
        "name": "New Calls",
        "uri": "http://my.{SERVER}/calls/new.php",
        "http_verb": "post",
        "hook": "channel_create",
        "retries":3
    }}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks
```

## Get details of the webhook

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## Edit webhook

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"data": {
        "name": "New Calls",
        "uri": "http://my.{SERVER}/calls/new_calls.php",
        "http_verb": "post",
        "hook": "channel_create",
        "retries": 3
    }}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## Patch webhook

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

You can also patch an existing webhook:

```shell
curl -v -X PATCH \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"data":{"enabled":true}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## Delete a webhook

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## List Webhook Attempts

Webhooks tracks attempts to send the hook payloads to your URIs. You can get a listing of the more recent attempts to help debug what went wrong.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/attempts

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/attempts
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "client_error": "nxdomain",
            "hook_id": "{HOOK_ID}",
            "reason": "kazoo http client error",
            "result": "failure",
            "retries left": 2,
            "timestamp": 63590996563
        },
        {
            "hook_id": "{HOOK_ID}",
            "result": "success",
            "timestamp": 63590996562
        }
    ],
    "page_size": 2,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "status": "success"
    }
```

## List attempts for a specific attempt

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}/attempts

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}/attempts
```

## Re-enable auto-disabled hooks in bulk

Webhooks will auto-disable failing hooks (if Kazoo can't reach your server, or you take too long to respond with `200 OK`, for instance). Especially if you're a reseller with webhooks in your client accounts, it can be tedious to have to iterate through all your accounts and re-enable each hook. Fortunately, you can perform this bulk-enable action against an account or an account and its descendants.

Enable an account's hooks

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X PATCH \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"re-enable":true}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks
```

Enable an account's and descendant accounts' hooks

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/descendants/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X PATCH \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"re-enable":true}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/descendants/webhooks
```

## Hook Payload

Here's what you can expect to receive when a webhook fires to your server:

### Base Payload

* hook_event: The type of hook being fired
* call_direction: "inbound" or "outbound", relative to Kazoo
* timestamp: Gregorian timestamp of the event
* account_id: ID of the account generating the event
* request: SIP Request
* to: SIP To
* from: SIP From
* call_id: SIP Call ID
* other_leg_call_id: If bridged, the Call ID of the other leg
* caller_id_name: Caller ID Name
* caller_id_number: Caller ID Number
* callee_id_name: Callee Name
* callee_id_number: Callee Number

Most of these fields should be present on all payloads.

### Hook Specific

* channel_create
    * hook_event: channel_create
* channel_answer
    * hook_event: channel_answer
* channel_destroy
    * hook_event: channel_destroy
    * hangup_cause: SIP Hangup Cause (NORMAL_CLEARING, ORIGINATOR_CANCEL, etc)
    * hangup_code: SIP Hangup Code (404, 503, etc)
* doc
    * hook_event: doc
    * action: doc_created, doc_updated, doc_deleted
    * type: user, vmbox, callflow, account, device, faxbox, media

## Hook Specific Custom Data

To restrict the kind of document or the action or both. You can set the custom data to:

```json
{
   "type": "user",
   "action": "doc_edited"
}
```

Commit message:

add webhooks test and update doc a bit (#5775)

applications/crossbar/doc/webhooks.md, after:

# Webhooks

## About Webhooks

Webhooks allow Kazoo to send HTTP requests to a third-party web server, alerting that server of events occurring within Kazoo. Typically, events would be fired for new calls, when a call is answered, and when a call is finished, though other events will be added in the future.

#### Schema

Web Hooks are subscriptions to allowed events that, when the event occurs, the event data is sent to the uri set in the Web Hook document.



Key | Description | Type | Default | Required | Support Level
--- | ----------- | ---- | ------- | -------- | -------------
`custom_data` | These properties will be added to the event and will overwrite existing values. | `object()` |   | `false` |  
`enabled` | Is the webhook enabled and running | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`hook` | The trigger event for a request being made to 'callback_uri'. | `string()` |   | `true` | `supported`
`http_verb` | What HTTP method to use when contacting the server | `string('get' | 'post')` | `post` | `false` | `supported`
`include_internal_legs` | Whether to filter out call legs that are internal to the system (loopback) | `boolean()` | `true` | `false` |  
`include_subaccounts` | Should the webhook be fired for subaccount events. | `boolean()` |   | `false` | `supported`
`name` | A friendly name for the webhook | `string()` |   | `true` | `supported`
`retries` | Retry the request this many times (if it fails) | `integer()` | `2` | `false` | `supported`
`uri` | The 3rd party URI to call out to an event | `string()` |   | `true` | `supported`



## Fetch available webhooks on the system

Depending on the version of the KAZOO system running, the available webhooks may differ. Use this API to query the system for available webhooks.

> GET /v2/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "Content-Type:application/json" \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN} \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "description": "Events when calls end",
            "id": "channel_destroy",
            "name": "channel_destroy"
        },
        {
            "description": "Events when new calls start",
            "id": "channel_create",
            "name": "channel_create"
        },
        {
            "description": "Events for when the channel is answered by the endpoint",
            "id": "channel_answer",
            "name": "channel_answer"
        },
        {
           "description": "Receive notifications when objects in Kazoo are changed",
           "id": "object",
           "modifiers": {
               "action": {
                   "description": "A list of object actions to handle",
                   "items": [
                       "doc_created",
                       "doc_edited",
                       "doc_deleted"
                   ],
                   "type": "array"
               },
               "type": {
                   "description": "A list of object types to handle",
                   "items": [
                       "account",
                       "callflow",
                       "device",
                       "faxbox",
                       "media",
                       "user",
                       "vmbox"
                   ],
                   "type": "array"
               },
               "types": {
                   "description": "A list of object types to handle",
                   "items": {
                       "type": "string"
                   },
                   "type": "array"
               }
           },
           "name": "object"
       }
   ],
   "page_size": 4,
   "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
   "revision": "{REVISION}",
   "status": "success"
}
```

## Get sample payloads of all webhook events

> GET /v2/webhooks/samples

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples
```

### Example

**Request:**

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples'
```

**Response:**

```json
{
  "data": [
    "webhooks_channel_answer",
    "webhooks_channel_bridge",
    "webhooks_channel_create",
    "webhooks_channel_destroy",
    "webhooks_notifications",
    "webhooks_object",
    "webhooks_parking"
  ],
  "revision": "{REVISION}",
  "timestamp": "{TIMESTAMP}",
  "version": "{VERSION}",
  "node": "{NODE}",
  "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
  "status": "success"
}
```

## Get sample payloads of a webhook event

> GET /v2/webhooks/samples/{SAMPLE_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/{SAMPLE_ID}
```

You can use regular [Crossbar query string filters](filters.md) to narrow down the samples, for example:

```shell
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/webhook_notifications?filter_event_name=missed_call'
curl -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/webhook_object?filter_action=doc_created'
```

### Example

**Request:**

```shell
curl -s -H 'Content-Type: application/json' 'http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/webhooks/samples/webhooks_parking'
```

**Response:**

```json
{
  "page_size": 1,
  "data": [
    {
      "account_id": "5a2d994fbae69b1d6b01eb9f0e7dfe62",
      "call_id": "OWU4NzEwOTgyZWNiMjM0MzI0NjRkZDc4MWVmMjEyOWI",
      "callee_id_name": "Test Name",
      "callee_id_number": "5355543456",
      "caller_id_Number": "+15555432345",
      "caller_id_name": "Superman",
      "event_name": "PARK_PARKED",
      "parking_slot": 1
    }
  ],
  "revision": "{REVISION}",
  "timestamp": "{TIMESTAMP}",
  "version": "{VERSION}",
  "node": "{NODE}",
  "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
  "status": "success"
}
```

## List webhooks

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks

Any webhooks with *disable_reason* in the summary has been auto-disabled.

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks
```

## Create webhook

> PUT /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X PUT \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"data": {
        "name": "New Calls",
        "uri": "http://my.{SERVER}/calls/new.php",
        "http_verb": "post",
        "hook": "channel_create",
        "retries":3
    }}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks
```

## Get details of the webhook

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## Edit webhook

> POST /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X POST \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"data": {
        "name": "New Calls",
        "uri": "http://my.{SERVER}/calls/new_calls.php",
        "http_verb": "post",
        "hook": "channel_create",
        "retries": 3
    }}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## Patch webhook

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

You can also patch an existing webhook:

```shell
curl -v -X PATCH \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"data":{"enabled":true}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## Delete a webhook

> DELETE /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}

```shell
curl -v -X DELETE \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}
```

## List Webhook Attempts

Webhooks tracks attempts to send the hook payloads to your URIs. You can get a listing of the more recent attempts to help debug what went wrong.

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/attempts

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/attempts
```

```json
{
    "auth_token": "{AUTH_TOKEN}",
    "data": [
        {
            "client_error": "nxdomain",
            "hook_id": "{HOOK_ID}",
            "reason": "kazoo http client error",
            "result": "failure",
            "retries left": 2,
            "timestamp": 63590996563
        },
        {
            "hook_id": "{HOOK_ID}",
            "result": "success",
            "timestamp": 63590996562
        }
    ],
    "page_size": 2,
    "request_id": "{REQUEST_ID}",
    "status": "success"
    }
```

## List attempts for a specific attempt

> GET /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}/attempts

```shell
curl -v -X GET \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks/{WEBHOOK_ID}/attempts
```

## Re-enable auto-disabled hooks in bulk

Webhooks will auto-disable failing hooks (if Kazoo can't reach your server, or you take too long to respond with `200 OK`, for instance). Especially if you're a reseller with webhooks in your client accounts, it can be tedious to have to iterate through all your accounts and re-enable each hook. Fortunately, you can perform this bulk-enable action against an account or an account and its descendants.

Enable an account's hooks

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X PATCH \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"re-enable":true}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/webhooks
```

Enable an account's and descendant accounts' hooks

> PATCH /v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/descendants/webhooks

```shell
curl -v -X PATCH \
    -H "X-Auth-Token: {AUTH_TOKEN}" \
    -d '{"data":{"re-enable":true}}' \
    http://{SERVER}:8000/v2/accounts/{ACCOUNT_ID}/descendants/webhooks
```

## Hook Payload

Here's what you can expect to receive when a webhook fires to your server:

### Base Payload

* hook_event: The type of hook being fired
* call_direction: "inbound" or "outbound", relative to Kazoo
* timestamp: Gregorian timestamp of the event
* account_id: ID of the account generating the event
* request: SIP Request
* to: SIP To
* from: SIP From
* call_id: SIP Call ID
* other_leg_call_id: If bridged, the Call ID of the other leg
* caller_id_name: Caller ID Name
* caller_id_number: Caller ID Number
* callee_id_name: Callee Name
* callee_id_number: Callee Number

Most of these fields should be present on all payloads.

### Hook Specific

* channel_create
    * hook_event: channel_create
* channel_answer
    * hook_event: channel_answer
* channel_destroy
    * hook_event: channel_destroy
    * hangup_cause: SIP Hangup Cause (NORMAL_CLEARING, ORIGINATOR_CANCEL, etc)
    * hangup_code: SIP Hangup Code (404, 503, etc)
* doc
    * hook_event: doc
    * action: doc_created, doc_updated, doc_deleted
    * type: user, vmbox, callflow, account, device, faxbox, media

## Hook Specific Custom Data

To restrict the kind of document or the action or both. You can set the custom data to:

```json
{
   "type": "user",
   "action": "doc_edited"
}
```
